{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\htmautsp\deff2{\fonttbl{\f0\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\fcharset0 Calibri;}}{\colortbl\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}\loch\hich\dbch\pard\plain\ltrpar\itap0{\lang2057\fs22\f3\cf0 \cf0\ql{\f3 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f3 {\b\ltrch Who is this course for?}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f3 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f3 {\ltrch This course is aimed at adults aged 19+ , based in Leeds, who do not have a recent GCSE in Maths (at Grade C or above)}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f3 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f3 {\b\ltrch Course Aims - What you will learn }\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f3 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f3 {\ltrch As part of our approach to supporting learners to develop essential maths, numeracy and budgeting skills for life and work through the Multiply programme, this workshop is designed for complete beginners.   }\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f3 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f3 {\ltrch This course gives you the opportunity to develop confidence in your every day maths with practical skills such as using coins, reading bus timetables, weights and measures, telling the time, reading temperatures, numbers and counting.}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f3 {\ltrch  }\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f3 {\ltrch As well as learning the core skills, by working independently and in small groups with your tutor, you will be develop wider skills such as;}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f3 {\ltrch \'b7 Problem solving}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f3 {\ltrch \'b7 Team working}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f3 {\ltrch \'b7 Communication skills}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f3 {\ltrch \'b7 Study skills.}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f3 {\ltrch  }\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f3 {\b\ltrch How you will be taught, and your understanding checked }\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f3 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f3 {\ltrch Your tutor will work with you to understand what you know already and what you want to be able to do. They will agree a learning plan for you to work towards.  The workshop will be a mixture of whole class teaching, independent study activity and small group/pair work, all supported by your tutor. Your tutor will talk to you about your progress and you will give you feedback to help you to continue to develop your skills and knowledge.}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f3 {\ltrch  }\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f3 {\b\ltrch Progression - What you will be able to do next }\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f3 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f3 {\ltrch On successful completion of the core modules, your tutor will talk to you about your progress and achievements. They will help you to decide what to do next, for example;}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f3 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f3 {\ltrch \'b7 Continue your studies and work towards a qualification }\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f3 {\ltrch \'b7 Start to learn another subject}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f3 {\ltrch \'b7 Look for work or volunteering opportunities }\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f3 {\ltrch \'b7 Use your new skills in your everyday life }\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f3 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f3 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f3 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f3 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  }  }