{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\htmautsp\deff2{\fonttbl{\f0\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\fcharset0 Arial;}}{\colortbl\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}\loch\hich\dbch\pard\plain\ltrpar\itap0{\lang2057\fs18\f2\cf0 \cf0\ql{\f2 {\b\ltrch Course Aims \endash  What you will learn}{\lang1033\b\ltrch :}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f2 {\ltrch This course is designed for beginners or those that have some basic knowledge of gardening. It will help you to understand how to welcome and share your space with a variety of wildlife. }\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f2 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f2 {\ltrch The course will start at the beginning and introduce you to the skills needed. You will learn about:}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f2 {\ltrch         Biodiverse balance }\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f2 {\ltrch         Wildlife habitat}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f2 {\lang1033\ltrch         }{\ltrch Pollinator pitstops}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f2 {\ltrch         Organic and environmentally friendly gardening}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f2 {\lang1033\ltrch         }{\ltrch Mindful attention to nature}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f2 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f2 {\ltrch As well as learning the core skills, b}{\lang1033\ltrch y working}{\ltrch  in}{\lang1033\ltrch  a}{\ltrch  small group with your tutor, you will develop wider skills such as}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f2 {\ltrch          Confidence building}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f2 {\lang1033\ltrch          }{\ltrch Team Working}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f2 {\lang1033\ltrch          }{\ltrch Communication skills}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f2 {\lang1033\ltrch          }{\ltrch Study skills}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f2 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f2 {\b\ltrch How you will be taught, and your understanding checked}{\lang1033\b\ltrch :}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f2 {\lang1033\ltrch Your tutor will work with you to understand what you know already and what you want to achieve. They will agree a learning plan for you to work towards. The course will be a taught in a small group of no more than ten and you will be fully supported by your tutor. The sessions will mostly take place outside in the Hollybush garden or polytunnel and each one will introduce you to different ways that you can attract wildlife to your outside space. You will carry out various horticultural and gardening tasks, all supported by your tutor. Your tutor will talk to you about your progress and will give you feedback to help you to continue to develop your skills and knowledge.}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f2 {\ltrch  }\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f2 {\b\ltrch Progression \endash  What you will be able to do next}{\lang1033\b\ltrch :}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f2 {\ltrch On successful completion of the course, your tutor will talk to you about your progress and achievements. They will help you to decide what to do next, for example}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f2 {\ltrch          Continue your studies and work towards a formal qualification}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f2 {\ltrch          Start to learn another subject}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f2 {\ltrch          Look for work or volunteering opportunities}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f2 {\ltrch          Use your skills in your everyday life}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f2 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f2 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  }  }