{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\htmautsp\deff2{\fonttbl{\f0\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\fcharset0 Arial;}}{\colortbl\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}\loch\hich\dbch\pard\plain\ltrpar\itap0{\lang2057\fs18\f2\cf0 \cf0\ql{\f2 {\ltrch Course Aims \endash  What you will learn?}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f2 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f2 {\ltrch As part of our approach to supporting learners to develop essential skills for life, confidence and work, this developing your creative wellbeing class is designed to boost your health and wellbeing with a relaxed and gentle introduction to a range of creative}{\lang1033\ltrch and craft}{\ltrch  activities. The aim is to support learning, be enjoyable and sociable with no pressure. }\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f2 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f2 {\ltrch You will work individually, in small groups and with your tutor to develop your wellbeing through gaining new wider skills including:}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f2 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f2 {\ltrch \bullet \tab Problem solving.}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f2 {\ltrch \bullet \tab Team working.}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f2 {\ltrch \bullet \tab Communication skills.}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f2 {\ltrch \bullet \tab Resilience.}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f2 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f2 {\ltrch All materials will be provided for you, with the emphasis on you, what you would like to achieve and how you will build your creative wellbeing. In order to ensure you can build your wellbeing, you will be able to start from the beginning and will learn about:}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f2 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f2 {\ltrch \bullet \tab Using mindful colouring and art techniques to improve your focus.}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f2 {\ltrch \bullet \tab Exploring art and craft techniques that you can try at home, including card craft, and painting and drawing. }\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f2 {\ltrch \bullet \tab Famous artworks and how to express thoughts and opinions. }\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f2 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f2 {\ltrch How you will be taught, and your understanding checked?}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f2 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f2 {\ltrch Your tutor will work with you to understand what you know already and what you want to be able to do. We will support you to gently step out of your comfort zone and have a go at something new. They will work with you to build your wellbeing. The tutor will agree a learning plan for you to work towards. The classes will be a mixture of whole class teaching, independent study activity and small group work, all supported by your tutor. Your tutor will talk to you about your progress and will give you feedback to help you continue to develop your skills and knowledge.}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f2 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f2 {\ltrch Progression \endash  What you will be able to do next?}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f2 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f2 {\ltrch On successful competition of the core modules, your tutor will talk to you about your progress and achievements. They will help you to decide what to do next, for example:}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f2 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f2 {\ltrch \bullet \tab Use your new skills in everyday life.}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f2 {\ltrch \bullet \tab Identify what ongoing support/development would be beneficial}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f2 {\ltrch \bullet \tab Start to learn another subject.}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  }  }