{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\htmautsp\deff2{\fonttbl{\f0\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\fcharset0 Arial;}}{\colortbl\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}\loch\hich\dbch\pard\plain\ltrpar\itap0{\lang2057\fs18\f2\cf0 \cf0\ql{\f2 {\ltrch Course Aims \endash  What you will learn}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f2 {\ltrch This course aims to get families behind the potter\rquote s wheel and working with clay to make their own pots. This course is suitable for children aged 6 to 14, with a maximum of 2 children per adult. No prior experience is necessary, and we warmly encourage total beginners to join us and work together as a family to develop their pottery skills throughout this course. Your tutor will introduce you to pottery techniques like coiling, soft slab, moulds alongside the classic potter\rquote s wheel throwing. Things could get messy, so make sure you bring old clothes and/or aprons you don't mind getting mucky! As well as encouraging your children's creative expression with a variety of engaging projects, we also aim to develop other key life skills such as communication, planning and designing. By providing a space for adults and their children to learn and create together, we aim to provide a quality family bonding experience whilst improving health and well-being through creative expression.}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f2 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f2 {\ltrch How you will be taught, and your understanding checked}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f2 {\ltrch Your tutor will work with you to understand your comfort level at the start of the course and helping agree a learning plan for you to get the most out of this course. In class, your lessons will be delivered through a mix of whole class teaching, technique demonstrations and individual projects for parents and children to get stuck into. Families will be given the opportunity to design and make their own pots from the techniques taught and your tutor will support you throughout the process: from handling the clay, throwing, and shaping, firing, and glazing. Your tutor will encourage children to develop confidence in expressing their creativity as well as broadening their artistic skills. }\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f2 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f2 {\ltrch Progression \endash  What you will be able to do next}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f2 {\ltrch Following the successful completion of this course, we intend for each family to be able to maintain their improved sense of self-confidence and wellbeing and encourage them to further pursue their creativity as a family. Students could enrol onto our other family courses so that their children can continue developing their confidence and improving their wellbeing through learning new skills and experiencing new things. Adults who enjoy this pottery course may be interest to undertake one of our other pottery courses aimed at adult learners.}\li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  {\f2 \li0\ri0\sa0\sb0\fi0\ql\par}  }  }